Baro bias estimation, compass quick cal and range finder kinematic consistency check (#1946)
PX4/PX4-user_guide: en/advanced_config/tuning_the_ecl_ekf.md

- [EKF2_PCOEF_YN](../advanced_config/parameter_reference.md#EKF2_PCOEF_YN)
- [EKF2_PCOEF_Z](../advanced_config/parameter_reference.md#EKF2_PCOEF_Z)

#### Barometer bias compensation

> A barometer at a constant altitude is subject to drift in its measurements due to changes of the ambient pressure environment and variation of the sensor temperature.
> To compensate for this measurement error, EKF2 estimates the bias using GNSS height (if available) a "non drifting" reference. No tuning is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A barometer at a constant altitude is subject to drift in its measurements due to changes in the ambient pressure environment or variations of the sensor temperature.
To compensate for this measurement error, EKF2 estimates the bias using GNSS height (if available) a "non drifting" reference.
No tuning is required.
```

If operating over a flat surface that can be used as a zero height datum, the range finder data can also be used directly by the EKF to estimate height by setting the [EKF2_HGT_MODE](../advanced_config/parameter_reference.md#EKF2_HGT_MODE) parameter to 2.

> #### Range finder blockage detection
> When not used as the primary height source, blockage is detected using a kinematic consistency check between the vertical velocity estimate and the numerical derivative of the range finder data. If the range finder is statistically inconsistent with EKF2, the sensor is rejected for the rest of the flight unless the statistical test passes again for at least 1 second at a vertical speed of 0.5m/s or more.
> Note that the check is only active while the vehicle is hovering as it assumes a static ground height.
> In order to obtain a good detection, the range finder noise parameter needs to be tightly tuned using flight data. Then, the kinematic consistency gate parameter can be adjusted to obtain the desired fault detection sensitivity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Range Finder Blockage Detection

When not used as the primary height source, blockage is detected using a kinematic consistency check between the vertical velocity estimate and the numerical derivative of the range finder data.
If the range finder is statistically inconsistent with EKF2, the sensor is rejected for the rest of the flight unless the statistical test passes again for at least 1 second at a vertical speed of 0.5m/s or more.

Note that the check is only active while the vehicle is hovering as it assumes a static ground height.
In order to obtain a good detection, the range finder noise parameter needs to be tightly tuned using flight data.
Then, the kinematic consistency gate parameter can be adjusted to obtain the desired fault detection sensitivity.
```

If operating over a flat surface that can be used as a zero height datum, the range finder data can also be used directly by the EKF to estimate height by setting the [EKF2_HGT_MODE](../advanced_config/parameter_reference.md#EKF2_HGT_MODE) parameter to 2.

#### Range Finder Blockage Detection

> When not used as the primary height source, blockage is detected using a kinematic consistency check between the vertical velocity estimate and the numerical derivative of the range finder data.

Reviewer: @bresch What actually is "blockage"? The word implies that the rangefinder is used to determine that the vehicle can't descend at a desired rate for some reason. But then we're hovering, so not clear to me what this is doing.
